Story Recapped here.
Today, I'm going to explain an action, crime,
drama, and sci-fi film called "Code 8."
Spoilers ahead!
Watch out and take care.
Superpowered human beings became an essential
part of the workforce in the 20th century.
The government has invited people with special
abilities to register their powers and help
build Lincoln City.
However, the demand for powered workers has
waned since the Second Industrial Revolution
because businesses prefer to use automated
systems.
Due to the lack of opportunities for powered
citizens, crime syndicates have begun exploiting
them in different ways.
A criminal organization called the Trust has
been extracting the spinal fluid of powered
humans to create a highly addictive drug called
Psyke.
As the problems continue to arise from the
drug, people have begun calling for new laws
to restrict the use of superpowers.
The police force has started using drones
and robots called Guardians to monitor and
apprehend powered humans who work without
a permit.
A Class 5 Electric named Connor Reed tries
to earn a living by working as a temporary
laborer at construction sites while applying
for a more permanent job.
After a job interview, he heads straight to
a construction site to determine if the foreman
could use another Electric.
The foreman agrees to let him work half a
day, but the police soon arrive to inspect
the location to make sure powers are not being
used.
They order the workers to look at the sky,
so the drone can detect if they are powered.
The cops tell the laborers with powers to
leave the site and get a permit if they want
to keep working.
As the investigation goes on, authorities
learn that one of the workers has an arrest
warrant.
While the cops are arresting the worker, he
emits fire from his hands and tries to escape.
Guardians soon drop down from the drone and
shoot him until he's dead.
Elsewhere in Lincoln City, the police conduct
a drug raid on an apartment of a powered man.
The Guardian breaks down the door, but the
robot is soon disabled when the suspect, a
Class four Brawn, hurls a disk towards it,
hitting it on its neck.
The suspect tries to escape through the window,
but Officer Park enters the room and threatens
to shoot him.
As they search the place, an officer discovers
a room filled with superpowered individuals
being tapped for their spinal fluid.
The police also found multiple bags of Psyke
in the apartment linked to a crime lord named
Marcus Sutcliffe.
Connor visits his mom at the grocery as she
is being scolded by her boss, Dave because
she accidentally froze the sauce and dropped
it on the ground.
Mary Reed, a cryokinetic, has been having
problems controlling her abilities because
of a brain tumor.
Connor becomes incensed by how Dave speaks
to his mother, confronting him and almost
using his powers.
The boss, however, is undaunted and tells
them both to leave the store.
Connor urges his mom to start chemo on the
way home, but Mary tells him that they can't
afford it.
The following day, while Connor waits for
a side job at a street corner, he notices
a truck from Lincoln Power.
His friend Travis warns him not to get involved
with them because they're part of Sutcliffe's
crew.
The van approaches them, and the driver tells
them he's looking for an Electric, but only
Class 2 or above.
Connor hesitates, but he eventually walks
toward the vehicle and tells the driver that
he wants 200 dollars upfront.
The driver, Garrett, agrees and tells him
to get in the van.
Inside the van, a mute Brawn named Freddie
tells him to put on a safety vest through
sign language.
Garrett takes Connor to a chemical plant to
disable an electric fence.
Connor tries to use a bolt cutter to cut the
wires, but he was taken aback by the electric
shock, so he decided to overload it.
A Pyro named Maddy melts the lock allowing
the van to enter the plant.
As they load chemical barrels onto their truck,
a guard arrives and tries to call for backup.
Garret uses his telekinetic power to take
his radio, so the guard yields and tells them
he didn't see anything.
As they leave the site, the police receive
an alert for a break-in at Jones Chemical.
Patrol officers are told to look out for a
red cargo van.
Conner tells Garrett to pay him and let him
go, but Garrett says the job's not finished.
Garrett parks the car under a bridge and asks
his crew to strip off the logo and the red
sheet covering the actual white paint job
of the vehicle.
The drone spots their van, but the cops realize
that the color doesn't match the description,
so they continue searching elsewhere.
Garrett drives the van into a garage and asks
a man named Rhino to take them to Sutcliffe,
who has the power to read minds.
Rhino leads them to a secret passageway to
Sutcillfe's club.
Inside the club, Wesley Cumbo, a representative
of The Trust, grills Sutcliffe for his failure
to meet his payment obligations.
When Sutcliffe tries to explain the reason
for not paying, Cumbo tells Sutcliffe to read
the mind of his associate, Copperhead.
He tells Cumbo that Copperhead is thinking
of different ways to slit his throat.
Cumbo tells him that he has one week to pay
what he owes to The Trust.
After Cumbo leaves the club, Garrett introduces
Connor to Sutcliffe.
Sutcliffe reads Connor's mind and concludes
that he will be helpful to his crew.
Sutcliffe tells a woman named Nia to show
Connor around.
Nia offers him a drink, but Connor says he's
just passing through.
Sutcliffe tells Garrett that he can't pay
for the chemicals at the moment because he
needs to pay Cumbo before he sends his thugs
after them.
Sutcliffe asks Garrett about Connor's powers,
wondering if he can use the Electric for another
job.
Garrett tells him that Connor is strong, but
he still needs to train him.
Sutcliffe tells Garrett to prepare Connor
for the new stint quickly because it will
earn them a lot of money.
Garrett drops Connor off and gives him another
300 dollars as a bonus.
He tells him to wait at the same place again
the next day to earn more money.
Before running off, Garrett advises him not
to waste his talent.
At home, Mary tells Connor that he went back
to the grocery to get her job back.
Connor tells her that her boss is a jerk,
but she says they don't have much choice because
they need the money.
Back at the club, Nia approaches Sutcliffe
and tells him that she's out of Psyke.
Sutcliffe shows her a vial of the drug, but
she has to do something for him before she
could get it.
On the streets, Officers Park and Davis investigate
the robbery at Jones Chemicals.
Park concludes that the suspects took 200
gallons of chemicals to water down Sutcliffe's
Psyke with Hydro.
Davis tells Park that an Electric shorted
the fence and a Pyro broke the lock.
Park tells Davis to come up with a list of
Electrics who has that kind of power.
The next day, Travis advises Connor to be
careful when he does a job with Sutcliffe's
men.
Soon, the foreman from their last job arrives
looking for two Electrics, but Connor sees
Garrett's car and decides to go with Garrett
instead.
Garrett still doubts Connor's motivation,
so he asks him why he decided to work with
them instead of finding a legitimate job.
Connor reveals that he needs the money to
pay for his mom's treatment.
Garrett decides to test his ability by asking
him to short a car's alarm outside the diner.
Garrett activates the alarm by slamming his
fist on the hood.
As the alarm blares, Connor asks Garret how
much he would get when he joins them on their
next heist.
He deactivates the alarm after Garrett tells
him he'll receive 25,000 dollars.
Garrett learns that Connor's dad, who's an
Electric like him, got shot while he's robbing
a liquor store.
He concludes that his mother raised him without
powers so he won't end up like his father.
Garrett soon starts training Connor by asking
him to light a bulb, but he breaks it on his
first try.
While they prepare for the heist, Connor does
other menial tasks for Garrett, including
collecting payments from drug dealers.
Soon, Connor can keep a bulb lit without blowing
it up.
Garrett tests Connor's strength again by pitting
him against another Electric who refuses to
pay him.
The man blasts Connor with electricity, but
it doesn't have much effect on him.
Connor brings the man down with a stronger
jolt to his chest.
Garrett trains him to use his powers and advises
him to be more ruthless when dealing with
other people in their circles.
One night, Connor decides to visit Dave at
the grocery and threatens him.
At home, Connor tells his mom that he was
accepted for a permanent job.
Outside the house, Park and Davis are on a
stakeout observing Connor.
They learn from his records that he has no
permanent work while he struggles to pay for
his mom's medical bills.
Park tells Davis to include him on the list
of persons of interest.
The following day, Connor and Garrett visit
a bank to observe their routine and find out
the location of the security cameras as well
as the vault.
Connor tells them that there's no way to open
the vault without activating the alarm.
Garrett says that the drone's best time is
seven minutes, so they have to be out in five.
At the grocery, Mary is puzzled by Dave's
behavior because he is much nicer to her and
even goes out of his way to avoid assigning
her a task.
That night, the gang enters the bank armed
with guns.
Connor heads straight to the vault to short
the power, preventing the bank from locking
it remotely.
As the alarm sounds off, they ask an employee
to open the vault manually.
Garrett threatens her as she dials the combination,
but Connor tries to calm her down, telling
her to relax and take deep breaths.
When the vault opens, Garrett becomes furious
as he finds out that most of the money is
gone.
The employee tells them that the bank already
cleared the vault earlier that day.
The gang decides to take what's left and leave
the bank.
When they get outside, the drones are already
waiting for them.
Connor hits the drones with a surge, sending
the aerial vehicles, loaded with Guardians,
crashing to the ground.
They drive back to Sutcliffe's club to tell
him that they only managed to take 50,000
dollars.
As Garrett and Sutcliffe argue about paying
off the Trust, Copperhead approaches them
and shoots Sutcliffe.
Rhino blocks the projectiles with his bulletproof
body, so Copperhead decides to aim her gun
at Nia.
Connor blasts the weapon out of her hand,
so Copperhead comes after him with a knife.
Rhino shoots her down and walks towards her
to shoot her three more times, making sure
she's dead.
Later, Connor walks in on Nia as she is getting
high on Psyke.
Connor wonders why Cumbo's assassin went after
her, but she tells him that it wasn't the
first time someone pulled a gun on her.
Nia notices Connor's injury on his arm and
heals it.
Nia reveals that the assassin tried to kill
her because of her abilities.
When Connor asks why Nia keeps healing Sutcliffe,
she discloses that she's indebted to him.
When Connor gets home, Mary confronts him
about the money he kept in his drawer.
He tells her that he got it from working overtime.
But Mary says she called the office where
Connor applied for a job, but they never heard
of him.
While he explains why he turned to crime to
earn money, his mother suddenly loses control
of her ability and collapses to the ground.
At the hospital, the doctor tells Connor that
the tumor is pressing her brain against the
skull, and they need to operate on her right
away to prevent it from getting worse.
He inquires about the cost of the surgery
and finds out that he can't afford it.
Outside the hospital, Park and Davis wait
for Connor to invite him to the police station.
Park asks him about the robbery at the chemical
plant and the bank, but Connor says he doesn't
know anything.
They warn Connor that he's working for the
most vicious criminal in Lincoln City, referring
to Sutcliffe.
Park brags that they are about to burn up
4 million dollars worth of Psyke belonging
to Sutcliffe next week.
He surmises that it won't be long before they
bring the crime lord down.
Park mentions Connor's ailing mother and offers
to help him if he gives them information about
Sutcliffe.
Davis interrupts them and starts taunting
Connor by insulting his dad.
Connor gets exasperated and tells them to
recheck the security footage because they
have the wrong person.
Park tells Davis to let Connor go, arguing
that they don't have enough evidence to hold
him.
Davis recommends planting evidence on Conner
and reminds him that Powered individuals can
be dangerous.
Park walks away, appalled at Davis' suggestion.
After getting out of the station, Garrett
picks Connor up on the street.
Conner swears that he didn't say anything
to the police and tells Garret to take him
to Sutcliffe because he has an idea for a
job.
When they arrive at the garage, Sutcliffe
reads Connor's mind and learns that he didn't
reveal anything.
After hearing Connor's idea, Garrett suggests
intercepting the police when they transport
the 10 million dollars worth of Psyke to the
incineration site.
Connor strikes a deal with Sutcliffe, telling
him to hand over Nia to him when he gets the
Psyke.
Sutcliffe figures out that Connor will use
Nia to cure his dying mom.
Nia gets upset and leaves the room.
Garrett strikes a deal of his own, asking
Sutcliffe to consider him a partner instead
of a part of his crew.
Sutcliffe agrees, saying Garrett earned it.
As they plan the heist, Connor insists that
no law enforcement should get killed.
Connor approaches Nia and promises to let
her go once she heals his mom.
Nia snaps at him, telling him that she only
matters to him because she's a healer.
On the day of the heist, the gang prepares
the roadblocks and watches out for the armored
van.
Drones follow the van, but they'll have to
fall back once they reach the no-fly zone.
Upon reaching the area, the driver sees the
roadblock and takes a detour.
Maddy and Freddie follow the van in their
car as Garrett blocks it with a garbage truck.
As the driver yells at him to move his vehicle,
Garrett tries to stall, allowing Connor to
build up his power to blast the van.
Moments after Garrett gets out of the truck,
Connor finally hits the van with a powerful
surge, knocking out the Guardians.
Garrett uses his telekinetic powers to keep
the Guardians incapacitated.
Conner shorts the Guardians circuits near
Garrett while Freddie and Maddy disable the
remaining robots.
Maddy burns a hole through the armored van
big enough for Freddy to drop a tear gas inside.
The cops soon exit the vehicle as they choke.
After failing to receive any response from
the van, the drone decides to enter the no-fly
zone.
Maddy takes the cases of Psyke from the guards
and hands them over to Rhino.
The guards beg them to let them go, but Rhino's
men start shooting them.
Rhino shoots Maddy in the back as she turns
to see what happened to the police officers.
Garrett moves Freddie out of the way with
telekinesis to protect him as Rhino, and his
men shoot at them.
Rhino takes off, leaving two of his men to
deal with Garrett and his crew.
More Guardians arrive at the site, allowing
Garrett, Freddie, and Connor to run while
Rhino's thugs are distracted.
One of the thugs fires at Garret while the
other engages the Guardians.
The unflinching robots kill the two thugs
while Garrett and his crew run to safety.
As they flee, Freddie realizes a bullet hits
him, so Garrett carries him to a car.
Rhino arrives at Sutcliffe's bar and shows
him the Psyke.
Nia asks Sutcliffe where the others are, but
he ignores her question and gives her a vial
of Psyke.
Sutcliffe hints that he can't let Nia leave
because her father still owes him a lot of
money.
Upon learning that Freddie had died, Connor
blames Garrett for the disastrous outcome
of the heist.
He argues that Sutcliffe betrayed them because
of Garrett's demands.
At the police station, Davis informs the police
chief that Connor is one of the main suspects
at the heist.
Park, however, insists that Connor is just
a pawn because he is not the type to kill
police officers.
Connor visits his mom at the hospital and
promises her that he'll find a way to get
treatment for her.
Mary, however, asks him to stop what he's
doing and just let her go.
Meanwhile, Park visits his ex-wife's house
to spend time with his daughter Lina.
She tells him that other kids are afraid of
her because she has been using her abilities
to move objects around.
As they walk along the Park, Lina expresses
her fears that her parents will give her away
because she heard from the news that's what
happens to kids like her.
As Park tries to comfort her, Travis approaches
him to give him a message from Connor.
Park meets with Connor at a diner to find
out what he wants, but he insists that it's
too late for a deal.
Connor assures him that he'll turn himself
into the authorities, but he wants to help
them catch Sutcliffe first.
At the police station, the cops prepare to
move out to take in Sutcliffe.
At the bar, Sutcliffe starts coughing erratically,
so he calls Nia over to heal him.
As Nia treats him, the police shut down the
power and start firing at them.
During the shoot-out, Sutcliffe escapes with
Nia and Rhino through a passageway that leads
to the garage.
When they arrive, Garrett shoots at them,
hitting Sutcliffe in the chest.
Rhino tries to fire back, but Garrett uses
his telekinetic powers to knock the gun out
of his hand.
Garrett fires multiple bullets into Rhino,
but he still manages to get up and charge
him.
Before Rhino could reach him, Garrett uses
his telekinetic ability to slow him down.
Connor soon arrives to blast Rhino with electricity.
Meanwhile, Sutcliffe tries to point his gun
at Nia as he asks her to save him.
Rhino manages to grab Connor and slam him
on the table.
Connor tries to break free by electrifying
Rhino, but the voltage wasn't strong enough
to stop him.
As Rhino strangles Connor, Garrett takes a
sharp metal tool and stabs Rhino in the eye.
Connor finishes him off by shooting a jolt
of electricity through his head.
Nia approaches Sutcliffe, but instead of healing
him, she takes his gun.
Garrett uses his telekinetic power to strangle
Sutcliffe and take the gun away from Nia.
Connor tells Nia that she'll be free to go
once she heals his mom.
Garrett gives Connor Sutcliffe's gun, advising
him to take what he needs.
Nia, however, shows him the wound on his arm
as a result of healing him days ago.
She tells Connor that she could die if she
treats his mother.
Despite her objection, Connor still takes
Nia to the hospital.
When they arrive, Nia touches Mary to heal
her, but Connor soon stops her after seeing
that she's struggling.
When Mary wakes up, Connor approaches her
and holds her hand as her life fades.
Park and Davis soon find Sutcliffe's dead
body at the garage.
Connor arrives at the police station with
Nia to turn himself over to the authorities.
He tells her that the truck has a full tank
to take her wherever she needs to go.
Soon after the tragic heist, Lawmakers have
proposed an outright ban on the use of powers
in Lincoln City due to the murder of four
police officers.
Park and Davis receive an award for bravery
in pursuing criminals in the city.
Garrett soon meets with Cumbo, paying him
twice the money that Sutcliffe owed them.
Connor stops by his mom's grave, saying he
won't be able to visit her for a while.
Nia pays a visit to her dad in prison, smiling
at him as she looks forward to a new life
after being freed from Sutcliffe.